README.md, before:

# RC Receiver Sampler using Arduino
This is an Arduino program for reading pulse width durations generated by an RC Receiver module. Tested with Arduino Uno and Nano models.

## Features
- Multiple channel support
- Pin change interrupts to detect rising and falling edges of PWM signals
- I2C communication for sending sampled pulse width values

## Dependencies
- [Yet Another Arduino PcInt Library](https://github.com/paulo-raca/YetAnotherArduinoPcIntLibrary) (Available on Arduino IDE library manager)

## Licensing
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the [GNU General Public License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html) as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

Commit message:

Added link to hexapod project.

README.md, after:

# RC Receiver Sampler using Arduino
This is an Arduino program for reading pulse width durations generated by an RC Receiver module. Tested with Arduino Uno and Nano models.

This program is developed for use with a radio controlled hexapod robot project, further details available at: https://github.com/Valthoron/hexapod-mk1-python

## Features
- Multiple channel support
- Pin change interrupts to detect rising and falling edges of PWM signals
- I2C communication for sending sampled pulse width values

## Dependencies
- [Yet Another Arduino PcInt Library](https://github.com/paulo-raca/YetAnotherArduinoPcIntLibrary) (Available on Arduino IDE library manager)

## Licensing
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the [GNU General Public License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html) as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.
